hi everyone its Danny today I want to
talk about decorative pots with our kids
everybody or most of the people use them
because they just look pretty especially
if you have your kids in the house not
in the greenhouse but the best thing
about them let's say or the reason why
I'm forced to use them with some orchids
is because especially Phalaenopsis type
orchids tend to lean a lot and if I'm
not careful with them they actually fall
because the medium is very very light
the bar gets very light especially when
it's dry so to avoid killing my plant or
making it look very very bad I'm forced
to use these decorative pots now I've
noticed a difference between orchids
that are placed in decorative pots and
are kids that are not as literature goes
especially Phalaenopsis tend to produce
photosynthesis in their roots as well
and if you look at the roots of a fellow
novices who stays in a decorative pot we
can see that the roots I'm trying to
show you the proper color here the roots
tend to have a very light color to them
they're not green anymore they're almost
yellow and they tend to look rather
flimsy in my opinion I don't know all my
fellow Anne obsessing to have very
strong healthy roots except the ones who
stay in decorative pots okay
now to compare it with an orchid that
doesn't stay in decorative pot there the
difference it's is pretty huge these
roots tend to be very green and nice and
also thicker so I'm using that rate of
pots for for a few months now I'm not
sure what the effect on the long term
effect will be but based on their
appearance only they really don't look
so good as roots that do receive Sun and
a lot of ventilation
in my pot I use hydroton at the bottom
just to make sure that your kit is
somewhat lifted and that air can go
inside and you know be available to the
roots but it doesn't really compare to
the air this one receives the orchids
look good so far but as we all know
felon OPS's tend to be very resilient
they don't really show they're sick
unless they're very sick so yeah this is
what I've noticed so far after two
months and to be perfectly honest I
don't really like it I've never liked
decorative pots yes they do look nice
but I've never thought they do good to
the plant and to think that as much air
as you can provide is is the best but
now I am just seeing that the roots
don't look happy or maybe it's just my
impression maybe they just don't make
the photosynthesis like they should
which in any case is not a good thing I
tend to believe but they really don't
look so good Oh pale like this and yeah
I don't know what to say I will see how
it goes on the long run but my first
impression is that these guys are not
really good for orchids it might be just
me anyway if you do use them for a long
term and you don't have problems and
your roots look like this please tell me
in a comment or any other thought on the
subject please let me know in a comment
because I really don't like decorative
pots I am forced to use them that if I
if in the end I decide that it's not
good for the plant I might have to find
another way to stabilize my orchids okay
let me know what you think in your
comments and thank you for watching if
you want to see more videos please
subscribe I got lots more than where
this came from okay see you next time
bye